last night I was standing there looking
at a monitor on one camera with Linda
Hamilton and on another camera was on
Schwarzenegger I thought holy I'm
making a Terminator movie chemistry
captured that tone
it's r-rated grin it's gritty it's
fast its intense look hard and play hard
and this is what this video is all about
a Nestle's fresh vision and like what he
did in that boot his action is it's just
a fast white-knuckle ride and you better
watch your ass I hunt terminators metal
but follows tonally in the footsteps of
t1 and t2 that adrenaline rush feeling
that sense of terror
the action is 10 times bigger it's like
holy holy holy
relentless it just does not stop
[Music]
just insect